Create PR template (#286)
NUbots/NUbook: .github/pull_request_template.md

PR description here.

### Todo

- [ ] If you have more things to do
- [ ] Add them here

### Preview

> https://deploy-preview-[PR number]--nubook.netlify.com/

Author: ```suggestion
[https://deploy-preview-[PR number]--nubook.netlify.com/](https://deploy-preview-[PR number]--nubook.netlify.com/)
```

> [https://deploy-preview-[PR number]--nubook.netlify.com/](https://deploy-preview-[PR number]--nubook.netlify.com/)
> 
> Note: Update PR_number to the number on this PR and complete the link to the page you have updated/added. 

Reviewer: So there's only one place to edit (the angle bracket syntax for links is useful when the link URL and text are the same):

```suggestion
<https://deploy-preview-[PR_NUMBER]--nubook.netlify.com/[PAGE_SLUG]>

Note: Update `[PR_NUMBER]` to the number on this PR and `[PAGE_SLUG]` with the "slug" of the page you have updated/added. You can find the slug at the top of the page in the markdown file.
```
